1642 document feat add statement timeout in runtime parameter table. (#1736)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/manage/view-configure-runtime-parameters.md

SHOW ALL;
```

For example, you may see a table similar to this:

> ``` title=Runtime Parameters

Reviewer: Please see how to add a code title properly here: https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/code-blocks#code-title

Author: Thanks, new knowledge for me.

          Name                  |     Setting     |        Description
--------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------
 rw_implicit_flush              | false           | If `RW_IMPLICIT_FLUSH` is on, then every INSERT/UPDATE/DELETE statement will block until the entire dataflow is refreshed.
 create_compaction_group_for_mv | false           | If `CREATE_COMPACTION_GROUP_FOR_MV` is on, dedicated compaction groups will be created in MV creation.
 query_mode                     | auto            | A temporary config variable to force query running in either local or distributed mode. If the value is auto, the system will decide for you automatically.

>  ...

Reviewer: “```”
not “···”

Author: This is an ellipsis, which tells readers there are more parameters we didn't show. Because the whole table is too long and we will give another table to explain all the parameters, here we just show part of them as an example.

| client_encoding                       | UTF8            | See [here](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/15/runtime-config-client.html#GUC-CLIENT-ENCODING) for details.                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| sink_decouple                         | default         | Enable decoupling sink and internal streaming graph or not                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| synchronize_seqscans                  | `true`/`false`           | See [here](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/runtime-config-compatible.html#RUNTIME-CONFIG-COMPATIBLE-VERSION) for details. Unused in RisingWave, support for compatibility.                                                                                                                                              |

> | statement_timeout                     | 0               | Abort query statement that takes more than the specified amount of time in sec. If log_min_error_statement is set to ERROR or lower, the statement that timed out will also be logged. If this value is specified without units, it is taken as milliseconds. A value of zero (the default) disables the timeout. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| statement_timeout                     | 3600               | Abort query statement that takes more than the specified amount of time in sec. If log_min_error_statement is set to ERROR or lower, the statement that timed out will also be logged. The default value is 1 hour. |
```
